Add figures to methods and edit text (#1037)
greenelab/covid19-review: content/60.methods.md

### ABSTRACT

The COVID-19 pandemic catalyzed the rapid dissemination of papers and preprints investigating the disease and its associated virus, SARS-CoV-2.

> The multifaceted nature of COVID-19 demands a multidisciplinary approach, but the urgency of the crisis combined with the need for social distancing measures present unique challenges to collaborative science.

Reviewer: Way more succinct abstract, looks great to me!

](https://github.com/greenelab/covid19-review/raw/e12aa314707d5a66f20e1b2179d4b29b3efef0c0/contrib-viz/covid19-review-contribution-dot.png "Project authors, references, and words over time"){#fig:projectdots secno=1}

<!-- To Do: use latest version of the figure after adding it to workflow -->

In order to make the project more accessible to individuals from a range of backgrounds, we developed resources explaining how to use GitHub's web interface to develop and edit text and interact with Manubot for individuals with no prior experience working with git or other version control platforms.
We developed tutorials containing visuals to explain how to open an issue, open a pull request, and review a pull request^[https://github.com/greenelab/covid19-review/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md and https://github.com/greenelab/covid19-review/blob/master/INSTRUCTIONS.md].
Additionally, the framework for evaluating literature was converted into issue templates to simplify the review of new articles.
Articles were classified as _diagnostic_, _therapeutic_, or _other_, with an associated template developed to guide the review of papers and preprints in each category.

> A total of 273 new paper issues had been opened as of April 30, 2021.<!--To Do: automate (currently have open and closed issues but not paper issues) -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A total of 285 new paper issues had been opened as of September 13, 2021.<!--To Do: automate (currently have open and closed issues but not paper issues) -->
```

The seven manuscripts produced by the consortium (outside of this one) will be submitted to _mSystems_ as part of a special issue that is providing support for evolving reviews so that they can continue to be updated as more information becomes available.
This approach allows for a version of record to be maintained alongside the most recent developments, which are always available through GitHub.
The first of these manuscripts was recently published [@individual-nutraceuticals].
The remaining manuscripts are either submitted or still in preparation.

> These manuscripts cover a wide range of topics including the fundamental biology of SARS-CoV-2 (pathogenesis [@individual-pathogenesis] and evolution [@individual-evolution]), biomedical advances in responding to the virus and COVID-19 (pharmaceutical therapeutics [@individual-pharmaceuticals], nutraceutical therapeutics [@individual-nutraceuticals], vaccines [@individual-vaccines], and diagnostic technologies [@individual-diagnostics]), and biological and social factors influencing disease transmission and outcomes [@individual-inequality]. <!-- To Do: these self-references take up a lot of space in the PDF, should we leave the text and remove the citations? -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These manuscripts cover a wide range of topics including the fundamental biology of SARS-CoV-2 (pathogenesis [@individual-pathogenesis] and evolution), biomedical advances in responding to the virus and COVID-19 (pharmaceutical therapeutics [@individual-pharmaceuticals], nutraceutical therapeutics [@individual-nutraceuticals], vaccines, and diagnostic technologies), and biological and social factors influencing disease transmission and outcomes.
```
